feat(loader): update loader docs for new config (#8487)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/install/loader.mdx

</script>
```

### Default Configuration

For Performance Monitoring, by default, the SDK will be initialized with `tracesSampleRate: 1`. This means that the SDK will capture all traces.

For Session Replay, the defaults are set to `replaysSessionSampleRate: 0.1` and `replaysOnErrorSampleRate: 1`. This means Replays will be captured for 10% of all normal sessions and for all sessions with an error.

### Custom Configuration

> The loader script always includes a call to `Sentry.init` with a default configuration, including your DSN. If you want to [configure your SDK](../../configuration/options/) beyond that, you can configure a custom init call by defining a `window.sentryOnLoad` function. Whatever is defined inside of this function will _always_ be called first, before any other SDK method is called. Be sure to define this function _before_ you add the loader script, to ensure it can be called at the right time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The loader script always includes a call to `Sentry.init` with a default configuration, including your DSN. If you want to <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/">configure your SDK</PlatformLink> beyond that, you can configure a custom init call by defining a `window.sentryOnLoad` function. Whatever is defined inside of this function will _always_ be called first, before any other SDK method is called. Be sure to define this function _before_ you add the loader script, to ensure it can be called at the right time:
```

```html
<script>
  // Configure sentryOnLoad before adding the Loader Script
  window.sentryOnLoad = function () {
    Sentry.init({
      // add custom config here
    });
  };
</script>

<script
  src="https://js.sentry-cdn.com/___PUBLIC_KEY___.min.js"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>
```

> Inside of the `window.sentryOnLoad` function, you can configure a custom `Sentry.init()` call. You can configure your SDK exactly the way you would were you using the CDN, with one difference: your `Sentry.init()` call doesn't need to include your DSN, since it's already been set. Inside of this function, the full Sentry SDK is guaranteed to be loaded & available.

Reviewer 2: l:
```suggestion
Inside of the `window.sentryOnLoad` function, you can configure a custom `Sentry.init()` call. You can configure your SDK exactly the way you would if you were using the CDN, with one difference: your `Sentry.init()` call doesn't need to include your DSN, since it's already been set. Inside of this function, the full Sentry SDK is guaranteed to be loaded & available.
```

```html
<script>
  // Configure sentryOnLoad before adding the Loader Script
    window.sentryOnLoad = function () {
      Sentry.init({
        release: " ... ",
        environment: " ... "
      });
      Sentry.setTag(...);
      // etc.
    };
</script>
```

> In addition to `window.sentryOnLoad`, you can also use `Sentry.onLoad()` to make sure the SDK is loaded before you call any other SDK methods. The loader will by default make sure that these functions can be called directly on `Sentry` at all times:

Reviewer 2: Hmm I'm wondering if we should even still show this. Is there a concrete advantage users gain from doing it the old way? If not wdyt about deprecating the function and
a) adding a deprecation note to this section
b) entirely removing the function from the docs?

No strong opinions here though so logaf-l for me

Author: So `onLoad` is only useful now for guarding for the SDK to be loaded - so this should _not_ be used to call `Sentry.init()` anymore, but only if you want to call any other SDK method. I tried to make this clear but apparently it is not yet so :D I'll tweak it a bit to hopefully clarify this!

Author: I actually moved the `onLoad()` stuff into a dedicated new section "Guarding SDK Function Calls" to make this clearer! does that make sense to you?

```html
<script>
  // Configure sentryOnLoad before adding the Loader Script
  window.sentryOnLoad = function () {
    Sentry.init({
      // add custom config here
    });
  };
</script>

<script
  src="https://js.sentry-cdn.com/___PUBLIC_KEY___.min.js"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>
```

Inside of the `window.sentryOnLoad` function, you can configure a custom `Sentry.init()` call. You can configure your SDK exactly the way you would if you were using the CDN, with one difference: your `Sentry.init()` call doesn't need to include your DSN, since it's already been set. Inside of this function, the full Sentry SDK is guaranteed to be loaded & available.

```html
<script>
  // Configure sentryOnLoad before adding the Loader Script
  window.sentryOnLoad = function () {
    Sentry.init({
      release: " ... ",
      environment: " ... "
    });
    Sentry.setTag(...);
    // etc.
  };
</script>
```

### Guarding SDK Function Calls

> The loader will by default make sure that these functions can be called directly on `Sentry` at all times, even if the SDK is not yet loaded:

Reviewer: My 2 cents - this section seems pretty clear to me now. I did make one small wording suggestion to make this sentence flow better.

```suggestion
By default, the loader will make sure you can call these functions directly on `Sentry` at any time, even if the SDK is not yet loaded:
```
